1. What are the six combinations of access modifier keywords and what do they do for
Public: memebers can be accessible anywhere
Protected: members can be accessible inside the current class and child class
Internal: members are accessible in the same assembly (or namespace)
Private: members accessible only in the current class
Protected Internal: members accessible to the current assembly or types derived from the class
Private Protected: members accessible to the current assembly and types derived from the class

2. What is the difference between the static, const, and readonly keywords when applied to a type member?
Static: static class cannot be inherited, cannot be instantiated, and only contain static members
Const: not a variable, and cannot be modified
Readonly: once the object is fully constructed, that field cannot be pointed to a new value

3.What does a constructor do?
A constructor is a method used to initialize the state of an object, and it gets invoked at the time of object creation.


4.Why is the partial keyword useful?
Enable us to define a class across different files

5. What is a tuple?
Store multiple items in a single variable

6.What does the C# record keyword do?
A reference type with value-based equality

7.What does overloading and overriding  mean?
Overloading mean you can use the method with same name but different parameters and return.
Overriding mean you can rewrite the implementation.

8.What is the difference between a field and a property?
Fields should be kept private to a class and accessed via get and set properties. 

9.How do you make a method parameter optional ?
give default value and put it at the end of parameters of a function.


10.What is an interface and how is it different from abstract class?
Interface is a collection of abstrace methods. It only have method declaration not implementation but abstract class can implement method.



11.What accessibility level are members of an interface?
By default public

12.True/False. Polymorphism allows derived classes to provide different implementations of the same interface
True

13.True/False. The override keyword is used to indicatethat a method in a derived class isproviding its own implementation of a method.
True

14.True/False. The new keyword is used to indicatethat a method in a derived class isproviding its own implementation of a method
False

15.True/False. Abstract methods can be used in anormal (non-abstract) class.
False

16.True/False. Normal (non-abstract) methods can be used in an abstract class.
True

17.True/False.Derived classes can override methods that were virtual in the base class.
True

18.True/False.Derived classes can override methods that were abstract in the base class.
True

19.True/False.In a derived class, you can override a method that was neither virtual non  abstract in the base class.
True

20.True/False. A class that implements an interface does not have to provide animplementation for all of the members of the interface.
False

21.True/False. A class that implements an interfaceis allowed to have other members thataren’t defined in the interface.
True

22.True/False. A class can have more than one baseclass.
True

23.True/False. A class can implement more than one interface.
True